Oh! Orm ...
Lets see ...
-Do you bring a pillow, right?
-Pillow?
To the top, not the race step
fall asleep when you have rowed for a long time.
- Should I pack yours?
- I'm not supposed to bring a pillow.
Now is your chance.
No thanks.
What is the chief Orm doing?
Aren't you done with those trips?
Looting is our primary industry.
It's so humbling. If the primary industry
is to kill, rap and burn.
- Isn't that very year 770?
- We're poor. We need the chicken.
Surely you are not against it?
You were probably hard to come by.
After all, I can't sit at home while
other looters. It is not honorable.
Is it about honor?
You're really looking forward to it!
Get out on the sea
with your friends ...
-I'll miss you anyway.
-Especially!
- Have you seen the helmet?
-Don't you just lie?
No, I have my helmet
I use when I fight.
What more ...
It's been so long since last time.
-You've never been on a cruise.
- I have.
Yes. But it's a long time ago. Maybe
you forgot about it. Of course that.
- You can't remember everything.
-But I remembered that.
Maybe there was too much blood and gut.
The brain does not give you access to it.
-No.
-It's natural, that.
Maybe you should just stay home,
since you can't find the helmet?
Here it is!
Yep.
-What if I want to join the cruise, then?
-You?
You don't even like being in a boat.
You hate the sea.
It's about being asked.
Feel included. Be seen.
Would you like to join the cruise, then?
No! Uh ...
Do you have to wear that giant dick chain?
How do men feel then?
Tiny little ones.
Think about their confidence.
- Should I take it off, then?
- No, not for my part.
-I am confident in my own sexuality.
-Fine for you, then.
I know size doesn't matter.
It's not about the size
on the boat, but the movement in the sea.
-You've said that a few times now.
- That's because it's very true.
You should join the cruise once.
Frøya is always there.
-It's so out of date.
-You could get respect for it.
Vikings. The world's easiest job.
Sit in a boat, stab people with swords.
- It's actually quite demanding.
-No.
folks,
then it's time for the cruise again.
In my absence you shall obey
the man with the highest rank here:
-Rufus!
-Rufus? He's a slave after all.
He was slave. Now he is creative
leader of this exciting project.
I expect everyone
want to join and pull the load, -
- but I still have
provided an assistant.
Sturla Bone crusher.
Rufus, would you say some words?
Thanks. It is an honor for me to lead
their village. Thank you for your trust.
The first point is to order
back the cap from the one who took it.
He there.
Not everyone knows me
so good, but my name is Rufus.
My full name is
Rufus Theodosius Claudianus.
I am an actor, went three years
at the Theater College in Rome.
Three amazing years where I learned everything
by some of the best people in the business.
I can mention Claudio Aelo,
Flavio Peginius, Enricos Noiosos ...
As many amazing artists as
gave all the knowledge they had to me.
I want to see what's inside here,
he said.
It is a scathing experience
for a little theater spire.
There are emotions that need to be conveyed.
And then we'll ask questions, -
- but we have to leave it to the audience
to interpret the questions.
Then we have to make sure that everything
is the tip of the cultural front -
- when Orm and the barbarians come home.
Well said, Rufus.
Dakapo!
Not dakapo.
It's something else.
You, can you ...
Help your chieftain.
Take it.
Ouch! Tiles!
Oh, Loke ...
Ask people to be a little careful, too
now I got a huge chip in my finger.
Yes ...
Then it was
time to go on a cruise again.
Time to swing a bit
on the old sword ...
The ocean provides, and the ocean takes.
And right now, the ocean was taking my sword.
-Arvid! Frøya!
- What's that?
Horn on the helmet? Are they for decoration,
or should you spit people with them?
-Horn is the latest in fashion.
-It looks completely dusty.
-For you know a lot about fashion?
-Yes. Or ... Yes.
Then you know that fashion is all about
to take chances, dare to be daring?
While comfortable?
I had not felt comfortable
with horns on the helmet.
I can see that Frøya has tried,
but Arvid ... What's this?
There is no plan, after all.
Old man clothes, like.
Take a risk!
Don't be so confident.
-Saklig.
-The helmet is a basic garment.
But as you
adds some new horn -
- then you have a garment
that tells a story.
And that's what fashion is all about.
Seen on the boat, then.
Horn on the helmet
never becomes part of the fashion image.
Doesn't look very viking,
to put it that way.
Solid. Really solid.
Solid craftsmanship, right?
He must be fine, he.
Will be good with a long trip now.
Have you been on many trips before?
Yes. There have been some. Can say that.
This is going to be so good ...
- I really liked the place.
- To whom then?
-A guy.
-Who?
Ragnar?
Is it more wonderful to sit with
Ragnar than with your chieftain?
No, just sit, you. I am sure that
that Ragnar can find another place.
-But we tend to sit together.
- Then we mix it up a bit.
We can't have clicks here.
New friendships can be formed?
It's more about it
to respect places and things like that.
I can certainly find
another place to sit, i.
- Then we can smoke when we come out.
-Or not.
-We can see it a bit ...
- We have enough fixed seating.
-We see it, then.
- Or we decide that now.
-It might be good to switch some.
-Or okay with fixed seats.
-You can be stole on the right ...
-Yes, but I have a pillow, me.
Hey Hey.
Here you can see what to build.
It's called a work drawing.
Here we have to play theater.
This is a scene.
- The audience sits on benches upwards.
-Upwards?
It has to do with acoustics and sound.
What looks like layer upon layer,
going higher and higher.
-We reinforce with some dragons.
-You are the expert on it.
I have drawn two entries,
but see if we can get to three.
It has to do with the support structure
to do, but we do.
- So you have control?
-Yes, this looks fine.
He says he has control.
Great. Gorgeous.
But remember, I accept nothing else
than spectacular work.
Yes, yes.
Oh ...
Am I the only one who is bad?
I think so.
What is wrong with you?
I am cold sweating and nauseous,
discomfort and vomiting ...
You're seasick.
Quite common on the first trip.
I've been on a cruise before,
so it's not that.
Do you know what's important now?
Don't look at the horizon.
And then you drink some warm goat's milk,
and lie down on the desert.
-And working against ...
- Counteract the movement in the sea.
-Geitemelk?
-Yes.
-For a third job, then.
-You've seized all the tools!
Yes, you have to suffer for the art.
That's just how it is! Stand on!
Shit and go, slave bastard!
Now you were smart.
Very clever.
Show them what's going on
those who defy creative leadership.
Yes. That's what happens!
Look at it as a lesson!
Now this is your job -
- but I really only had
set me an ear bud.
Or heavy coconut, or something.
French cuff, maybe.
So next time it's fine if you take
a double check with me first. Ok?
It's good we got to talk a little.
That is the Polar Star.
And the one who is a little under there,
I just call it Dot.
It looks like a dot.
But you ...
-How's life like a married man?
-It's just fine.
Maybe not like I thought.
Very boring stuff one must be
with on. And that kind of feeling.
You have to feel something for each other
to have a good time together.
I've never thought of it that way.
I just know that
am digg to be on the cruise again.
Little wonder we have been on a cruise
without talking properly.
- I've always been a little shy.
-Are you shy?
Hello everybody!
-What's your name?
-Sebastian.
My name is Charlie.
Oh, I'm cold.
I have a red nose. I have to sneeze ...
Oh, Charlie is the only one who can get
these poor sick children to smile.
It's like the disease
disappears like dew before the sun.
Land in sight!
Folks! Land in sight!
All up!
The legs on the desert!
He is truly a blessing.
Are you coming tomorrow too?
Yes. I also help Animal Protection,
but should I come every single day.
-Good. The kids are so happy about you.
-I love them too.
This is a great day. I have to celebrate
that the fundraiser is over.
Now we can finally build
a proper hospital for these children.
I don't like to rate people, but you
is the kindest man I have met.
You have to be the kindest
man throughout Britain.
Thank you so much.
I do as best I can.
-Good bye.
-God bless you.
Don't show fear now, folks. remember that
nothing is more sexy than confidence.
You, we're not quite ashore ...
-Don't look at me, it's your husband.
-Yes, but he is - everyone's chief.
But then he should count double
for you. Chief and man, like.
Arvid. You're like the leader too
warriors. Shouldn't you arrange?
No. I'm not saving Orm.
That's not my job.
Thank you
so you could come.
My heart is flooded.
It began as a dream.
Making the world a better place for them
who are not so lucky. And by God ...
I think we've got it done!
Oh ... Orm.
For the children!
Together we have collected
more money than we could have dreamed.
Money not just to be spent
to a new hospital for these children, -
- but also give them
priceless education.
I could not
clear this without you.
You have been the foundation
in everything I've done.
Robin of Wessex.
Elizabeth of Cumbria.
Don't just build this hospital ...
What's up?
Where is the Amphitheater?
Here.
I haven't solved the stage carpet yet,
but it works out.
Okay.
We use part of a pot of cloth.
Then you get heavier and a little pattern.
- Don't you think it's going to be cool?
-That would have been cool.
Everything must be so modern, but one
a good old pot of cloth is perfect.
Where should the actors be
on that stage there?
Where should the audience sit?
We do not know that until we have tried.
How many do you know that are small enough
to sit on those benches there?
How many tiny little people
do you know who can fit in there?
Oh ... Of course. The drawing
should just show how it looked.
Lord Odin.
Long nose on me, please.
-Full understanding of it.
-Again!
Again!
(The sound of Viking attacks)
Stop, stop, stop!
Arvid, what in Helheim
are you doing?
We just ...
She's mine.
Oh!
Come on, you got it!
Come on, Orm!
She was strong! And fast.
Like a noise tax.
Frøya?
So, not enough
that the enemy was without weapons,
- but they have collected all the treasures
in a coffin and they have cooked ...
It is easy to be on a cruise, that is.
It is a confirmation that the gods
appreciate what we do.
Oh!
Stand on! We are building a cultural
stronghold. No mediocrity.
Yokels.
Get up to speed.
Here you work in your simple way.
It'll be fine, right?
- What do you think, then?
-I think it's pretty good.
Pretty good, yes.
Are you happy with "pretty good"?
-What about you?
-I think it was fine.
Do you know what I think?
This I think:
Again.
-I have used it for over a week.
-And that scares me.
- Suck a fuck out of my ass.
-That it was?
-We will work very hard going forward.
-So good! It was no worse than that.
What a nasty bucket, then.
What are you doing?
Even the buckets should be
remarkable. Details!
It is not intended
to disturb the creative leader -
- but some people wonder
when they have to get paid for this.
Everyone gets paid when Orm
comes home with the booty.
I don't have a single dinar,
or whatever you use.
Let's hope they don't
lose or something, then.
People come to you
to get paid.
And the hungry people get fast
a bit unsightly. But what do I know?
Anyway, I have the Leg Crusher here,
so I'm not very concerned.
Come on.
What happens then?
Hello! Stop it!
- Don't you go?
- Is it running out of money?
-Yes.
-I can't work without getting paid.
Money is more important to you
than realizing my vision?
You can't believe that!
Look me in the island and say it!
Money is more important
than realizing your vision!
Yes. Then you are here for everyone
the "wrong" reasons anyway, then.
Just go! I am doing fine.
Maybe even better!
I am creative leader ...